# Capston2

Final Capstone 2 Scheme:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P4S2gF2BACvwQxKRCbNVj0oJQqAB_WUV/view?usp=sharing

LInk to Api:  https://rapidapi.com/twinword/api/word-associations/

Title : Gameroom

This website is a interactive children's application where children and parents can go and play games together. Inside the app a user will find four games: Tic Tac Toe, Rock - scissors - paper, Hangman, and a word association game that helps and teaches children to associate words with each other. 

When a users first enters the website he or she is asked to created an account or login. Once this is done the user can now enjoy the four games. The first game a user will see is the word association game. He or she first chooses from 10 different level of difficult, 1 being the easiest and 10 being the hardest. This is where the info is pulled form the API and creates 10 questions Once a level is chosen the user is taking to a new page where they can see ten question with each question having two buttons one being the correct answer the other the incorrect answer. If the correct answer is chosen the word correct will appear and the user will receive one point. If the wrong answer is chosen the button is disabled and a point is taking away. The user can then choose the right answer and a point is given. A user can finishes with a score of -10 to 10 points. The seconds game a user will see is hangman. A users can start the game by pushing a letter on their keypad. A user has six turns to guess the word every time. If a wrong letter is chosen a body part is added to the the figure and each time that a wrong letter is chosen it appear in the wrong letter row so that the user knows what other letters he or she can’t select again. If a user chooses the same letter a second time a pop up at the bottom of the screen will appear that reads you have already selected that letter. Once the user runs out of their guess a message appears that tells them they have lost and can restart the game by clicking the restart button. If the users wins a message appears with a message reading you have won and to click the restart button to play again. The third game the user will see is tic tac toe. This is a two player game that keeps score for both players. Player X goes first then player O goes. If player X wins they will win a point and it is recorded at the top of the game. The users can then push the restart button and clear the board to start the new game. Once the new game starts it is player O’s turn to go first. The game is coded so that only player X or player O can go first on their alternate turn. The last game a user will see is Rock - scissors - paper. The user will play against the computer. The game is over once the user or the computer wins five rounds and receives five points. The user clicks one of the three buttons and the user’s hand image changes to the button clicked. Who every wins the round a point is given. Once the game is over a restart button appears if the uses clicks the button the users is logged out and has to log in again to play.   

The tech stack that was used was React and Node.js. For the CSS coded css was used and some bootstrap in the react component.
